hey youtubers Sibley one coming to you
with an unboxing video today today about
the special box set of them collector's
works of hit higher Miyazaki um with
this you got eleven movies it's a
postcard and some other features so
basically is showing you what you may
get the little character he created I
then it shows you extras which is eleven
postcards really creating the original
Japanese theatrical posters 32 book page
booklet containing essays and
information on his work retirement press
conference which is subtitled and
letting a few shows of his which were
subtitled from 1972 to 1973 and it's got
an M rating and then that little
character again then you go to decide
same thing the character again showing
you what films in this box are ranging
from 1979 to 2013 and basically saying
that it presents the whole
feature-length works of his and that
he's a founding member of the iconic
studio ghibli and basically some rebel
kept some of his earlier work presented
with English translations for the first
time
there you go to decide just saying its M
rated moderate animated violence
supernatural themes and scary scenes
then the character and then you go here
and the make of it so now we'll get into
it so first off you've got lip and
deferred the castle of Cali Stroh
hopefully I said that correct
nor see art of the valley of the wind
the park castle in the sky if I'm
pronouncing days wrong I'm sorry you can
leave a comment below how that was
supposed to be said my name it my
neighbor too tired to to to row Kiki's
Delivery Service Hiroko Ross so princess
money okay spirited away Howl's Moving
Castle Ponyo and the last film that he
released was dumb win Rises and then the
special blu-ray I believe this will be
Yuki Sun little samurai and a retirement
press conference and a little artwork
then you've got the booklet with all the
essays some of artwork and then
descriptions of each film
and past the retirement statement and
his bonus content then we'll about the
last thing in this collection so these
are basically postcards off each of his
films original movie posters
like bad work surprisingly it looks very
nice and it's worth the money for this
collection if you are a big fan of
Studio Ghibli and his work go ahead and
buy it or you can wait till it's on sale
but yeah that was all from this
collection hope you enjoyed this
unboxing if you did like subscribe share
with your friends and stay tuned for my
up next updates geez